Fix documentation for `--lock-timeout` (#16021)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/20.0/20.0.0/summary.md

    - [New `healthcheck-dial-concurrency` flag](#healthcheck-dial-concurrency-flag)
    - [New minimum for `--buffer_min_time_between_failovers`](#buffer_min_time_between_failovers-flag)
    - [New `track-udfs` vtgate flag](#vtgate-track-udfs-flag)

>     - [Documentation fix for `--lock-timeout`](#documentation-lock-timeout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Help text fix for `--lock-timeout`](#documentation-lock-timeout)
```

The new `--track-udfs` flag enables VTGate to track user defined functions for better planning.

#### <a id="documentation-lock-timeout"/>Documentation fix for `--lock-timeout`

> The documentation for the flag `--lock-timeout` was noticed to be incorrect. We were documenting it as a flag that controlled the duration for which the shard lock was acquired for. It is actually the duration for which we wait while acquiring a lock from the topology server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The help text for the flag `--lock-timeout` was incorrect. We were documenting it as a flag that controlled the duration for which the shard lock was acquired. It is actually the maximum duration for which we wait while attempting to acquire a lock from the topology server.
```
